[DOC] Update link mounting for Tempo get started and API docs (#4664)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/api_docs/_index.md

description: Grafana Tempo exposes an API for pushing and querying traces, and operating the cluster itself.
menuTitle: API
weight: 800

> refs:
>   push-spans-http:
>     - pattern: /docs/tempo/
>       destination: https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/<TEMPO_VERSION>/api_docs/pushing-spans-with-http/
>     - pattern: /docs/enterprise-traces/
>       destination: https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/<TEMPO_VERSION>/api_docs/pushing-spans-with-http/

Author: ```suggestion
```

|  Jaeger | gRPC | [Link](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/latest/apis/#span-reporting-apis) |
|  Zipkin | HTTP | [Link](https://zipkin.io/zipkin-api/) |

> For information on how to use the Zipkin endpoint with curl (for debugging purposes), refer to [Pushing spans with HTTP](ref:push-spans-http).

Author: ```suggestion
For information on how to use the Zipkin endpoint with curl (for debugging purposes), refer to [Pushing spans with HTTP](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/<TEMPO_VERSION>/api_docs/pushing-spans-with-http/).
```
